Embed time zone data for logs package (#1594)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `metrics` prefix to the url of list instances endpoint (`GET /agent/api/v1/instances`) and 
  list targets endpoint (`GET /agent/api/v1/metrics/targets`). (@marctc)

> - Embed time zone data to enable Promtail pipelines using the `location` field on Windows machines. (@tpaschalis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Embed timezone data to enable Promtail pipelines using the `location` field on Windows machines. (@tpaschalis)
```

Author: Ahh, a classic dilemma :D going forward with the suggestions ^^
